Linux as distributed by kernel.org contains non-Free Software.  The
goal of this project is to maintain and publish versions of the Linux
kernel that can meet the needs of users who seek freedom, and that can
be easily adopted by 100% Free GNU/Linux distros, as well as by their
users, by distros that want to enable their users to choose freedom,
and users of those that don't.

It follows and improves on the practices established by 100% Free
GNU/Linux distributions such as gNewSense and BLAG, that pioneered in
removing non-Free bits from the kernel Linux.  Free Software
Foundation Latin America (FSFLA) joined the project as part of its
campaign dubbed "¡Sé Libre!", to encourage and enable users to go
beyond using some Free Software, and rather seek and choose freedom.

The removal of non-Free bits from the kernel Linux is accomplished
with the script deblob-main, that in turn uses deblob-<kver>, inspired
in gNewSense's scripts but customized for BLAG's kernel by Jeff Moe,
and deblob-check, a script that you can use to test whether a kernel
source file, a patch or a tarball contains any remaining or suspicious
firmware blob.

This project's mailing list is at
http://www.fsfla.org/mailman/listinfo/linux-libre


In the SVN repository at
<URL:http://www.fsfla.org/svn/fsfla/software/linux-libre/>, you'll
find:

scripts/deblob-main: A script that cleans up a linux tarball.
scripts/deblob-<kver>: Heavily modified version of Jeff Moe's script.
scripts/deblob-check: A script that locates and cleans up blobs.
freed-ora/: see freed-ora/README.


In <URL:http://www.fsfla.org/~lxoliva/fsfla/linux-libre/>, you'll
find:

README: This file, possibly out of date.
releases/: deblobbed sources.  Each sub-directory contains files
pertaining to one linux-libre release.  The initial tarballs do not
contain the deblobbing scripts themselves, so they are in the
directories next to the tarballs, but in future releases the scripts
may be added to the tarballs themselves.
freed-ora/: source and binary packages of 100% Free kernels for Fedora.

The above is also available at the following mirrors:

http://www.lsd.ic.unicamp.br/~oliva/fsfla/linux-libre/
http://www.blagblagblag.org/pub/mirrors/fsfla/linux-libre/
ftp://ftp.blagblagblag.org/pub/mirrors/fsfla/linux-libre/
rsync://rsync.blagblagblag.org/mirrors/fsfla/linux-libre/
rsync://fsfla.org/linux-libre/
