This tree contains branches and tags for GNU Linux-libre releases,
namely, the deblob scripts used to clean up the source tarballs of
each upstream release.

The latest development version of each deblobbing script is maintained
in the trunk, in ../scripts.  There is no guarantee that they are
fully functional at any point in time.  Indeed, unreleased changes to
deblob scripts for old releases will often accumulate until some major
infrastructure change is rolled out for such old releases.  For stable
scripts and working combinations of scripts, use the branches,
described below.

For each upstream stable series (2.6.32, 3.4, 3.10), a directory in
branches/ is maintained with scripts that are supposed to be usable to
deblob any release in the series.

As changes to deblobbing are required by upstream releases, or our
deblobbing infrastructure evolves, the branches will be updated at
release time, so that each branch contains the scripts used for the
latest deblobbed release in that stable series.

Once the branch is modified, the *first* release that carries those
changes will get a tag in tags/.  Tags will NOT be created for
Subsequent releases that use the same scripts.

An example is in order (we didn't have branches and tags back then,
but we describe what we'd have done if we did):

When we first deblobbed upstream stable release 2.6.35, our releases
were still tagged as -libre rather than -gnu, so our deblobbed release
was 2.6.35-libre.  Both branches/2.6.35 and tags/2.6.35-libre had the
same scripts at that point.

There were deblobbing improvements shortly after that release, so we
published 2.6.35-libre1, updating branches/2.6.35 and copying it ot
tags/2.6.35-libre1.  This script set was used for releases
2.6.35.1-libre1 and 2.6.35.2-libre1, but these were NOT tagged.

Additional deblobbing changes were made for -libre2, so
branches/2.6.35 was updated and copied to tags/2.6.35-libre2, used for
(untagged) releases from 2.6.35.3-libre2 to 2.6.35.10-libre2.

A major generation change led to 2.6.35-libre3, with another update to
branches/2.6.35 and a new tag reflecting that release, the
2.6.35.10-libre3 respin, and 2.6.35.11-libre3 to 2.6.35.13-libre3.

The 2.6.35.14 upstream release required minor changes to the
deblobbing machinery, small enough that they didn't justify bumping
our release id (the deblobbing changes would affect deblobbing of
upstream 2.6.35, only 2.6.35.14), so we updated branches/2.6.35 with
the required changes for 2.6.35.14-libre3 and copied it to
tags/2.6.35.14-libre3.  This one is tagged because it had changes to
the deblobbing scripts, even though it did not increment our release
counter to -libre4.

Subsequent changes to the deblobbing infrastructure motivated new
releases: 2.6.35-gnu and 2.6.35.14-gnu, both using the scripts in
tags/2.6.35-gnu, and, at a later time, 2.6.35-gnu1 and 2.6.35.14-gnu1,
both using the scripts in tags/2.6.35-gnu1.  Unless further releases
of 2.6.35 came up, the scripts used for the -gnu1 release remain at
the tip of branches/2.6.35.
